Support legacy template api in elasticsearch 8 (#1092)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch: docs/index.asciidoc

You can set the path to your own template here, if you so desire.
If not set, the included template will be used.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-template_api"]
===== `template_api`

  * Value can be any of: `auto`, `legacy`, `composable`
  * Default value is `auto`

The default setting of `auto` will use
{ref}/index-templates.html[index template API] to create index template, if the
Elasticsearch cluster is running Elasticsearch version `8.0.0` or higher,
and use {ref}/indices-templates-v1.html[legacy template API] otherwise.

Setting this flag to `legacy` will use legacy template API to create index template.
Setting this flag to `composable` will use index template API to create index template.

> NOTE: The format of template needs to match with the corresponding Elasticsearch version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The format of template provided to <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-template>> needs to match the template API being used.
```
